it's our first hippo just around this
corner he is it bigger than these
spotted us as well oh then if you heard
that sound but that was a very audible
threat to us
and he's gone down he's gone under the
water this is where we got to be careful
because we know where he's gonna come up
again
there he is he's right in the middle a
huge exhibition of air and water there
he's come up and come back up again he's
looking straight at me
I don't really want to get any closer
than this thing is despite him being
such an enormous bulk he could be pretty
much anywhere here he could pop up right
next to me and I'd actually rather keep
this this shallow bit of water between
the service
this is really quite nerve-racking it
may seem that he's the one that's
nervous but actually there's no doubt
who's more ohm in this environment it's
definitely him
that huge breath of air that's not just
him emptying his lungs that was
definitely meant to scare me it's
starting to get dark now they'd be
getting more active and pretty soon
looking to come out of the wall so this
is the most dangerous time and I'm
certainly not hanging around with an
animal that could bite my boat in half
that could be underneath me well we
found our wild hippo so I'm heading back
upstream to where I can get out look you
sit there he's come past us I don't
believe it
he used to sack in the river that's the
other one another hippos appeared
blocking my exit when he dives I can't
see anything I'll need the eyes of the
crew up on the bank
this is turned into a serious situation
I can't go upstream I can't go
downstream I'm gonna have to try and
find a way out yeah yeah
so you cannot come down here okay that's
fine
it's as though he knows he's blocking my
exit I can't do anything that's it and
wait they are so unpredictable you just
have no idea what they're gonna do next
I can't wait any longer he's turned he's
coming for me now I've seen a possible
exit it's a shallow stream and not
somewhere I want to get stuck with an
angry hippo with you then but didn't be
quick
I'll tell you what that just shows you
you can never be complacent with wild
animals and it also shows where hippos
have to be on a daily 60
[Applause]